﻿﻿## Last Week's Accomplishments> In this section, you can write about what you accomplished in the previous week.>This past week I met with one of my colleagues Liam (Saturday April 6th) to finally finish the hardware end of the project. I helped Liam develop and debug the code we were running on the Raspberry Pi for the MLX90640 sensor. We used two different Raspberry Pi's at the same time so we could work simultaneously. By the end of our session we were able to collect useful data from the sensor and determine if a room was occupied or not with the development of an algorithm we brainstormed. Also, this week I helped create our presentation and continued to commit documentation and details about our project on to our repository. ## This Week's Plan> In this section, you can write about what you have planned for next week.> This week I plan on helping to develop a more advanced algorithm for determining if a room is occupied or not. I also plan on helping commit things we need to make sure our repository is useful for those who stumble across it. ## Anything Blocking?> In this section, you can write about any blockers that you are having trouble in the project.> Not necessarily a blocker, but more of an issue. When I was working with Liam this past week I was using his Raspberry Pi, so all of my commits are under his name. I am going to make comments on all of the commits that were actually one to try and differentiate. ## Notes> This is an optional section for any sort of information that does not fall under any of the other categories.